hey guys what's up fiendish dad here
bringing you a gameplay commentary for
the first time ever in history and I'm
very insulted that my son is being
assaulted by this J nasty fellow now
free all that you don't know Jane asked
these are currently making fake videos
on youtubes having friends might support
thing you know why he's doing that well
let me tell you a story see back in the
day he thunders mom getting on to Allah
God we concede punishment the most
beautiful children ever created by
mankind so we have broken which this
password to high school this is my
neighborhood jwood Kathy k nasty the
problem I knew right after that as you
can smell when somebody is being a bitch
and I did smell the Santa peeing pussy
right on him and I'm not saying I pushed
him in the water they're pushing having
no goddamn sense he tries to befriend my
friend try super friend level my little
thunder and I was acceptable at the time
I thought I didn't want to service like
you know what I don't need you to be
associated with his type of faggotry up
you know 10 20 30 years later my little
thunder starts a YouTube tail and he's
wondering how can I get baked he decided
to make entertaining content for
everybody conscious that was original
content that shocked everybody needs to
be tried his videos j nasty being this
fucking faggot he is decided to have
friends list on xbox 262 hope his game
plays a good friends just to completely
destroy him
and why I'm saying this writing my name
is crying his work I think because
that's what he hasn't had he's just like
his mother who was on her knees sucking
my dick in high school and I gave it to
that bitch LA this week before me and
thunders mother even got married like
that bitch she knew how to ride the dick
it's funny she kept saying you know
sending me naked pictures even when she
was married and you know what happened
my wife got into a fistfight with his
mom didn't exactly work whole Thunder to
this day I am proud of the new father is
always out show your daddy that you know
you can put these faggots into place
because yes we have superior genetics I
have a 30 inch cock in my son as 32
inches EBT beat his father that's a
proud thing to say but you know what
Jane asked his mother told me when I was
fucking her just raw dog no regrets that
she hopes one day that she couldn't see
but she often my genetics and he was
impossible because they were sort of
their addiction digger in her there was
complete bitch nigga and I couldn't get
that out so I was talking to Jane asked
his mother you know when she was
changing his depends when he was age 14
because he kept shooting himself he
couldn't help but he couldn't control
his bowels he was getting fucked too
hardly ass as soldiers they think he
wears depends but he said his man she
said her suddenly has
one inch one inch and a half cock 1.5
inches so it makes sense why you have to
compensate for your small penis on
YouTube listen listen saw this is to you
show them your glorious cock injustice
because if you don't I will thunders
father son an outrageous spank that ass
see ya